Issue templates for bugs, features, and tasks (#2)
cyclus/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature.md

---
name: Feature request
about: A request, idea, or new functionality
title: '[Feature] '
type: 'Feature'
---

> # Is your feature request related to a problem or mismatch? Please describe.

Reviewer: Can you explain what you mean here for a new feature to address a problem or mismatch?

Author: Yeah, I guess what I mean by mismatch is: a mismatch between what a user wants or expects to be able to do and what they actually can do. The more I think about it, the less I am convinced that "problem" makes sense here. The information I think we would want to get (at least that I would want to get) is what they are trying to use the eventual feature for so that we can identify if a method already exists. 
```suggestion
# What is the motivation for your feature request? Please describe what you want to use it for.
```

Reviewer 2: This "motivation" framing is good since it helps others understand the use case and possibly suggest alternatives that the original submitter hasn't considered

Reviewer: I like this idea too. Go ahead and commit this suggestion.
